DOC Add SearchableDropdownField to 5.2.0 changelog (#412)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/04_Changelogs/5.2.0.md

  - [ErrorPage allowed codes configuration](#errorpage-allowed-codes-configuration)
  - [Create random passwords for new users](#create-random-passwords-for-new-users)
  - [Buttons to select all files and deselect all files](#bulk-action-buttons)

>   - [SearchableDropdownField components](#searchable-dropdown-field)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [New searchable dropdown fields](#searchable-dropdown-field)
```
"Component" doesn't really make sense here, since that makes it sound like it's just a react thing. And mentioning the class isn't useful for people who have never seen the class before (which will be anyone reading the changelog :p)

Author: Updated

![select all functionality in the CMS](../_images/asset-admin-select-all.png)

> ### SearchableDropdownField components {#searchable-dropdown-field}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### New searchable dropdown fields {#searchable-dropdown-field}
```

Author: Updated

> A pair of new dropdown react components have been added which are particularly useful for dropdowns with a large number of options. [`SearchableDropdownField`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\SearchableDropdownField) is similar to [`DropdownField`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\DropdownField) which allows selecting a single option, and [`SearchableMultiDropdownField`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\SearchableMultiDropdownField) is similar to [`ListboxField`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\ListboxField) which allows selecting multiple options. Both of these fields include a `setIsLazyLoaded()` method which will load a limited number of options at a time using an AJAX request matching what a user has typed in.

Reviewer: These aren't just react components - they're form fields.
```suggestion
A pair of new dropdown form fields have been added which are particularly useful for dropdowns with a large number of options.

[`SearchableDropdownField`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\SearchableDropdownField) is similar to [`DropdownField`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\DropdownField) which allows selecting a single option, and [`SearchableMultiDropdownField`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\SearchableMultiDropdownField) is similar to [`ListboxField`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\ListboxField) which allows selecting multiple options.

Both of these fields include a `setIsLazyLoaded()` method which will load a limited number of options at a time using an AJAX request matching what a user has typed in. There are quite a few options to customise these, including optionally using `SearchContext` to power the lazy-loaded search functionality. We encourage you to look at the API documentation for these new classes to see what you can do with them.
```

Author: Updated

> Note that as these are both react components, they are only intended to be used within the CMS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that these are both powered by react components, and are only intended to be used within the CMS. If you want to use them on the front-end of your project you will need to provide your own templates and javascript implementation for them.
```

Author: Updated
